feat(debug-mode): add dynamic debug mode (#5012)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/architecture-design/debug-mode.md

    - http_log_phase
#END
```

> ### Dynamic Advanced Debug Mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable Advanced Debug Mode Dynamically
```

Author: done

> Dynamic advanced debug mode is based on advanced debug mode, which can be enabled dynamically by a single request and turned off automatically when the request ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advanced debug mode can be enabled dynamically by a single request and turned off automatically when the request ends.
```

Author: done

Example:

```yaml
http:
  dynamic: true # 是否动态开启高级调试模式
  enable_header_name: X-APISIX-Dynamic-Debug # 对携带此 header 的请求开启高级调试模式
......
#END
```

Dynamically enable advanced debugging mode, example:

```shell
curl 127.0.0.1:9090/hello --header 'X-APISIX-Dynamic-Debug: foo'
```

> Notice: Dynamic advanced debug mode cannot debug the `apisix.http_access_phase` module (because the request enters the `apisix.http_access_phase` module before it determines whether advanced debug mode is dynamically enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice: Dynamic advanced debug mode cannot hook the `apisix.http_access_phase` module (because the request enters the `apisix.http_access_phase` module before it determines whether advanced debug mode is dynamically enabled).
```

Author: done

    - http_log_phase
#END
```

### Enable Advanced Debug Mode Dynamically

> The advanced debug mode can be enabled dynamically by a single request and turned off automatically when the request ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advanced debug mode can take effect in particular requests by dynamic rule.
```

Author: done

Example:

```yaml
http_filter:
  enable: true # Enable/Disable Advanced Debug Mode Dynamically
  enable_header_name: X-APISIX-Dynamic-Debug # Trace for the request with this header
......
#END
```

> Dynamically enable advanced debugging mode, example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamically enable advanced debugging mode in a particular request like this:
```

Author: done

```shell
curl 127.0.0.1:9090/hello --header 'X-APISIX-Dynamic-Debug: foo'
```

> Notice: We can not only hook the `apisix.http_access_phase` module in particular requests. Because the request enters the `apisix.http_access_phase` module before it determines whether advanced debug mode is dynamically enabled.

Reviewer 2: The meaning of this sentence is tough to understand, but I got the correct one from its Chinese version. Maybe the following one is better:

```suggestion
Notice: We can not hook the `apisix.http_access_phase` module for particular requests, since whether the advanced debug mode is enabled is determined after these requests enter such phase```

> Notice: Dynamic advanced debug mode cannot hook the `apisix.http_access_phase` module (because the request enters the `apisix.http_access_phase` module before it determines whether advanced debug mode is dynamically enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice: We can not only hook the `apisix.http_access_phase` module in particular requests. Because the request enters the `apisix.http_access_phase` module before it determines whether advanced debug mode is dynamically enabled.
```

Author: done
